Documentation review (#17)
eProsima/Micro-XRCE-DDS-docs: docs/deployment.rst

Deployment example
==================

This part will show how to deploy a system using *Micro XRCE-DDS* in a real environment.
An example of this can be found into ``examples/Deployment`` folder.

Previous tutorials are based in `all in one` examples, that is, examples that create entities, publish or subscribe and then delete the resources.
One possible real purpose of this, consists in differentiate the logic of `creating entities` and the actions of `publishing and subscribing`.
This can be done creating two differents *Clients*.
One in charge of configure the entities in the *Agent*, and run possibly once, only for creating the entities at configuration time.
And other/s that logs in the same session as the configure *Client* (sharing the entities) and only publishes or subscribes data.

> This way allows to create easily *Clients* in a real scenario only with the purpose of send and receive data.

Author: Fixed!

> Related to it, the concept of `profile` allows to build the *Client* library only with the behavior chosen (only publish or only subscribe, for example).

Author: Fixed

        :width: 600 px
        :align: center

In this state a `configurator client` is connected to the *Agent* `A` with the `client key` that will be used by the future `publisher client` (0xAABBCCDD).

> Once a session is logged in, the `configurator client` creates all necessary entities for the `publisher client`.

Author: Fixed!

This implies the creation of `participant`, `topic`, `publisher`, and `datawriter` entities.
These entities have a representation as DDS entities, and can be reached now from the DDS world.

> That implies that a possible `subscriber DDS entity` could be already listed topics if it match with a `publisher DDS entity` through `DDS` world.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
That implies that a possible `subscriber DDS entity` could already be listening topics if it matches with a `publisher DDS entity` through `DDS` world.
```

Author: Corrected!

Publish
-------
    .. image:: images/deployment_2.svg
        :width: 600 px
        :align: center

Then, the `publisher client` is connected to the *Agent* `A`.
This *Client* logs in session with its *Client* key (0xAABBCCDD).
At that moment, it can use all entities created related to this `client key`.

> Because all entities that it used were created successful by the `configurator client`, the `publisher client` can immediately publish to `DDS`.

Author: Fixed!
